---
layout: post
categories: jekyll update
---
<div>
<p>
As with all the
happy stories, my Pittsburgh story comes to an end today. I am leaving
Pittsburgh.  I have graduated and will have to move elsewhere to earn
a living. So here I am, sitting in an Amtrak Pennsylvania 42 train
which will take me to New York City in about 9 hours from now.
</p>

<div style="width: 226px; float: right;"> <a
href="http://picasaweb.google.com/shivam.unleashed/LastDaysAtPittsburghAndTrainRideFromPittToNYC#5482073496727984306"
target="_blank"> <img class=" " title="Aditya seeing me off !!"
src="http://lh3.ggpht.com/_NRv8qSsc8Lc/TBQ8zM0OGLI/AAAAAAAAC-g/WNxqBoL9aiw/s720/IMG_0925.JPG"
alt="Aditya seeing me off !!" width="216" height="144"></a> <p
class="wp-caption-text">Aditya seeing me off !!</p></div> <p>The early
morning train did not allow me to sleep much last night. Thankfully,
Aditya accompanied me to the train station and we just had a sad
parting. The train now steers off into woods, mountains, springs and
begins its breathtakingly enchanting journey to the east coast. I must
thank my friend, Krishna, who suggested that I should try the
Pittsburgh-New York train ride. Although it is a bit costlier than the
airplane journey and 9x times longer but it has been only an hour and
already I seem to be very happy about this decision.</p> <p>I am
overflowing with a multitude of thoughts as I leave Pittsburgh and
thought that I can preserve them by writing them down. Pittsburgh was
my gateway to United States. My first city in the US and a perfect one
to get acclimatized to the American lifestyle and culture. It is
neither too fast nor too slow, relatively cheap, full of scenic beauty
and provides a great academic setting with some very fine
Universities.</p> <p>I had two contrasting years at Carnegie
Mellon. The first year was one of the most torturous one I’d ever had
(or probably will have in future). Days and nights were spent studying
and doing hard work. &nbsp;I had been living an easy life for 2 years
before coming to CMU and the contrast in the lifestyles completely
threw me out of my comfort zone. It was not uncommon to come back home
at 4 AM in the morning, cook and eat ‘dinner’ by 5-6AM and then have a
good night’s sleep after that.</p> <p>Second year though was a little
easy. Partly because we got accustomed to the lifestyle, partly
because the tough courses were over and partly because I got an offer
from Bloomberg and many apprehensions about the job and job search
were over. I chose the computer forensics track in my second year and
time was spent in doing a lot of forensics – which was real fun. With
a little less workload, I could find time to do other activities.
Swimming was one of them. I am happy that I was pretty regular at
swimming this semester and hope to continue that even in New York. I
also could devote a good time for the alumni activities of my
Undergrad school which resulted in a <a title="IET USA East Coast
Alumni Meet" href="http://ietalumni.org/meets/30_05_2010_USA/"
target="_blank"> great east coast alumni meet</a>.</p> <p>Last 30 days
have been so eventful at Pittsburgh. Final exams, graduation ceremony,
visiting friends and lots of time spent at the playground.<br> During
my two years in Pittsburgh, I stayed in a street called Murray Ave. It
is a hub of restaurants and pubs – one of the liveliest streets in
that area. &nbsp;Although we walked down that street every day, we
never had a chance to try out various eateries (or should I say any
eatery). With only a few days of Pittsburgh left, we decided to try
each of them. This meant freedom from cooking and lots of
intercontinental food every day. What a great finish :) </p> <div
class="wp-caption alignleft" style="width: 269px"><a
href="http://picasaweb.google.com/shivam.unleashed/LastDaysAtPittsburghAndTrainRideFromPittToNYC#5482073723779714594"
target="_blank"><img title="Gullifty's"
src="http://lh6.ggpht.com/_NRv8qSsc8Lc/TBQ9AapkjiI/AAAAAAAADAI/-TEtrczZgO4/s720/IMG_0854.JPG"
alt="Gullifty's" width="259" height="173"></a><p
class="wp-caption-text">Gullifty's</p></div> <div class="wp-caption
alignnone" style="width: 269px"><a
href="http://picasaweb.google.com/shivam.unleashed/LastDaysAtPittsburghAndTrainRideFromPittToNYC#5482073690684344626"
target="_blank"><img title="Silk Elephant"
src="http://lh3.ggpht.com/_NRv8qSsc8Lc/TBQ8-fXBSTI/AAAAAAAAC_w/p6vF4QFE0X8/s720/IMG_0813.JPG"
alt="" width="259" height="173"></a><p class="wp-caption-text">Silk
Elephant</p></div> <div class="wp-caption alignnone" style="width:
269px"><a
href="http://picasaweb.google.com/shivam.unleashed/LastDaysAtPittsburghAndTrainRideFromPittToNYC#5482073683306188610"
target="_blank"><img title="Sun Penang"
src="http://lh4.ggpht.com/_NRv8qSsc8Lc/TBQ8-D37j0I/AAAAAAAAC_s/rbCKMoJrQRI/s720/IMG_0782.JPG"
alt="Sun Penang" width="259" height="173"></a><p
class="wp-caption-text">Sun Penang</p></div> <p>I cannot close my
Pittsburgh chapter without mentioning about the friends I made
here. Definitely, it would have been impossible to survive without
these wonderful people I met here. They were a critical ingredient in
making my stay wonderful and splendid. No wonder they’ve become my
friends for life. I’d love to thank Shishir, Aditya, Mayuresh, Snehal,
Rohan and Krishna for being such great friends. There are so many
things I’d love to learn from each of them.</p> <p><a
href="http://picasaweb.google.com/shivam.unleashed/LastDaysAtPittsburghAndTrainRideFromPittToNYC#5482083807319961026"><img
class="alignleft" title="Shishir"
src="http://lh4.ggpht.com/_NRv8qSsc8Lc/TBRGLWw6LcI/AAAAAAAADD4/mgZUat6OL7U/s576/DSC01421.JPG"
alt="Shishir" width="83" height="75" style="float: left;"></a>
<strong> Shishir</strong> – Well, the list is long. Anyone who knows
Shishir knows what qualities of his I am talking about. I’ll keep
telling stories of Shishir as an example of will, determination and
Hard work.</p> <br />

    <p><a
      href="http://picasaweb.google.com/shivam.unleashed/LastDaysAtPittsburghAndTrainRideFromPittToNYC#5482073784806675042;"target="_blank"><img
      class="alignleft" title="Aditya"
      src="http://lh6.ggpht.com/_NRv8qSsc8Lc/TBQ9D9_iEmI/AAAAAAAADAw/U82nUHKFKSI/s720/IMG_0788.JPG"
      alt="Aditya" width="93" height="60" style="float: left;"></a>
      <strong> Aditya</strong> – I really wish I could get the
      calmness and virtue of patience that Aditya has.  His never say
      die attitude and optimism towards life(whether aiming for 105
      out of 100 in an assignment – by chasing 5 extra credits or
      chasing a bus that is 3 stops ahead) is simply inspiring.</p>
      <p><a
      href="http://picasaweb.google.com/shivam.unleashed/LastDaysAtPittsburghAndTrainRideFromPittToNYC#5482081896107621442"
      target="_blank"><img class="alignleft" title="Mayuresh"
      src="http://lh5.ggpht.com/_NRv8qSsc8Lc/TBREcG8YPEI/AAAAAAAADDQ/wL9tRQsQDs8/s720/IMG_0817.JPG"
      alt="" width="93" height="60" style="float: left;"></a>
      <strong>Mayuresh</strong> – <img
      src="http://shivampatel.net/blog/wp-includes/images/smilies/icon_smile.gif"
      alt=":-)" class="wp-smiley"> &nbsp; I always appreciate (and
      envy) this guy’s technical skills and sharp mind. This might be
      for the first time I am ever accepting that in public, but I
      wish I could borrow some intelligence from you.</p> <p><a
      href="http://picasaweb.google.com/shivam.unleashed/LastDaysAtPittsburghAndTrainRideFromPittToNYC#5482073795099191506"
      target="_blank"><img class="alignleft" title="Snehal"
      src="http://lh4.ggpht.com/_NRv8qSsc8Lc/TBQ9EkVdaNI/AAAAAAAADA0/NZjQuHGTl8g/s720/IMG_0790.JPG"
      alt="Snehal" width="93" height="60" style="float:
      left;"></a><strong>Snehal </strong>– Snehal’s journey from MIT
      (Maharashtra Institute of Technology) to MIT (Massachusetts
      Institute of Technology) is an inspiration. I am glad that in
      this jump from MIT to MIT, he chanced to be at CMU and I could
      know and befriend him. A super sensitive person at heart: dare
      to hurt him and you’ll receive an 18 page email from him after 3
      days of silence.</p> <p><a
      href="http://picasaweb.google.com/shivam.unleashed/LastDaysAtPittsburghAndTrainRideFromPittToNYC#5482073806991661490"
      target="_blank"><img class="alignleft" title="Rohan"
      src="http://lh4.ggpht.com/_NRv8qSsc8Lc/TBQ9FQo2GbI/AAAAAAAADA4/4TxORD7p3TY/s720/IMG_0791.JPG"
      alt="Rohan" width="93" height="60" style="float:
      left;"></a><strong> Rohan</strong> – A happy go lucky person
      who’ll say only one thing in case of trouble: “arre suno na… tum
      tension mat lo, ho jayega”</p> <br /> <p><strong><a
      href="http://picasaweb.google.com/shivam.unleashed/LastDaysAtPittsburghAndTrainRideFromPittToNYC#5482087888026599218"
      target="_blank"><img class="alignleft" title="Krishna"
      src="http://lh3.ggpht.com/_NRv8qSsc8Lc/TBRJ44lL_zI/AAAAAAAADFA/VbzzOvyC0Nk/Edited%204.jpg"
      alt="Krishna" width="73" height="76" style="float: left;"></a>
      Krishna </strong>– I owe him for tolerating me a lot in all the
      coursework and assignments we did together. Thank you for
      getting me good marks in all those projects <img
      src="http://shivampatel.net/blog/wp-includes/images/smilies/icon_smile.gif"
      alt=":)" class="wp-smiley"> </p>

      I am finishing this up after arriving at my home in NJ and probably its time to end a golden chapter of life and start another.</p>
  <p>All&nbsp; Good Things Must Come to An End, and so has this. I’ll cherish each moment spent at Carnegie Mellon
    and Pittsburgh forever.</p>
  <p>I’ll end this blog on a happy note. Here are all the pictures that I took all the while I was writing this
    blog. Next time you are making a journey from NYC to Pittsburgh or the other way round, consider taking a train !!</p>
  <p><a title="Train Pictures" href="http://picasaweb.google.com/shivam.unleashed/LastDaysAtPittsburghAndTrainRideFromPittToNYC#5482073489044775890" target="_blank">
    http://picasaweb.google.com/shivam.unleashed/LastDaysAtPittsburghAndTrainRideFromPittToNYC#5482073489044775890</a></p>
</div> <!-- content div -->
